Brother Sunan fooled around with three men
What's the matter, Sisi, what's wrong with you?
It's not that bitch Sunan
I met him on the road just now
I just suspect him of stealing from our house
And he hit me.
Later, I found three men to be my friends
Do you know who those three men are?
They seem to be from the Su family themselves
A man named Su Mingzhe
One is called Su Mingyuan.
There is another one named Su Mingcheng
How is that possible?
How can he know the three young masters of the Su family?
Haha, he must be talking nonsense.
Yeah, I didn't react just now
Zhu Mingchen is my male god
This scumbag
How dare you find a third-rate guy to pretend to be him
It's so bad luck
It's okay to pretend to be a rich lady
I even asked an actor to pretend to be my three cousins
If my three cousins find out
The Gu family is not as simple as exterminating the family
Bitch only makes trouble for me
Son, what should we do now?
Your husband's danger is bankrupt
Ask for the far handsome brother of the Su family
Don't you worry.
The young master of the Su family is my cousin
Even for my sake
I won't do anything to you
just right
I heard that the Su family is entertaining guests at Li Yuan Restaurant
To celebrate my cousin's return
I can take you all there
Explain it to my three cousins in person